TODO.md, before:

# High

- [x] db
- [x] add keyboard shortcuts (used electron localshortcuts beacuse of iframe)
  - [x] open file
  - [x] changing Font size (ctrl+up/down)
  - [x] navigation left/right
- [x] fix scrolling in sidebar (https://github.com/ElemeFE/element/issues/10198)
- [x] fix ToC navigation
- [x] write code to extract cover
- [x] use url encoder
- [x] bookmarks - [ ] get toc name from href
- [x] add open with
- [ ] add search in home

# Mid

- [x] improve db
- [x] open https links in browser

# Low

- [x] set min width, height
- [x] fix default cover size
- [x] create ctrl+shift+i shortcut to open dev tools in production mode

# ui

- [x] display bookmarks
- [x] responsive margin in home

# Queue

- [ ] use colors in crad background. [vibrant.js](https://jariz.github.io/vibrant.js/)
- [ ] set up vue-router with animation
- [ ] reduce build size
- [ ] short by last open
- [ ] add touch gestuers
- [ ] ~~Horizontal scroll bar~~ [issue](https://github.com/futurepress/epub.js/issues/744)

# Issue

- [ ] epub without cover is not opening
- [ ] title of books goes out of card

Commit message:

searh inside book is added

TODO.md, after:

# High

- [x] db
- [x] add keyboard shortcuts (used electron localshortcuts beacuse of iframe)
  - [x] open file
  - [x] changing Font size (ctrl+up/down)
  - [x] navigation left/right
- [x] fix scrolling in sidebar (https://github.com/ElemeFE/element/issues/10198)
- [x] fix ToC navigation
- [x] write code to extract cover
- [x] use url encoder
- [x] bookmarks
  - [ ] get toc name from href
- [x] add open with(**testing required**)
- [x] add search in book

# Mid

- [x] improve db
- [x] open https links in browser

# Low

- [x] set min width, height
- [x] fix default cover size
- [x] create ctrl+shift+i shortcut to open dev tools in production mode

# ui

- [x] display bookmarks
- [x] responsive margin in home

# Queue

- [ ] add search in home
- [ ] use colors in crad background. [vibrant.js](https://jariz.github.io/vibrant.js/)
- [ ] set up vue-router with animation
- [ ] reduce build size
- [ ] short by last open
- [ ] add touch gestuers
- [ ] ~~Horizontal scroll bar~~ [issue](https://github.com/futurepress/epub.js/issues/744)
- [ ] setup azure pipeline and travic ci

# Issue

- [ ] epub without cover is not opening
- [ ] title of books goes out of card
